Atlas Goals and Guidelines. 
The overall goal of this entire project is to get the best hit rates while getting brier below .2 and not hurting stability or log loss. Please refer to the doc files and read through them carefully for references and context. It absolutely matters. It will tell you what atlas is and what atlas does and why. 
The keys to the success of this are understanding the model, what the outputs are and how to test. There are two distinct category outputs system and winprob. System is an ev ranked base that uses the pp kernel and winprob is a probability ranked output that uses only probability. There is a system standard of a certain amount of goblin, standard, and demon picks I have set up to help with the value of the picks when I place the slips. These are prizepick plays that allocate multipliers from the betting service. I have a secondary output called windfall which adds some risk to the slip selection in a seperate output by adding a “demon” pick which is just a simple addition to the slips if I want to play a slip that has a greater odds chance for a higher payout. 
To begin the actual plan you need to understand the basics. I would start in scored legs deduped and check the headers. From there you can locate the math within the system. There is also a telemetry.json and a config.yaml that can tune the knobs appropriately. I am not opposed to adding model philosophy to help improve slip output deltas, brier, and log loss. 
This model is a live running model and when we are testing we are testing against live runs previously ran. There are 3 seperate live IAEL pulls that give the model prior day actuals, an injury report, a game spread, and role context awareness with deeper metrics backing role context. 
Testing - this is the important part. To test new math or tuning I have two seperate testing systems. A single replay and a full back test. The full back test is to be ran when a candidate that meets the criteria of hit rate, brier, and log loss. The replay is to test knob tuning and whatever testing we do necessary to get to the goal. The replay like the back test needs all of the same material a live run runs. We need strict fidelity when it comes to this or the results are invalid. It needs a live raw json from prizepicks, an injury report, and a game spread to function properly. These files all live in Atlas in the IAEL folder and the raw folder in data. STRICT FIDELITY IS REQUIRED TO PROCEED WITH THIS. Once a replay is ran and eval leg report is wrote after the replay to compare deltas vs actuals. Side note - you can not run a replay and get actual deltas on a run on a the current date bc those games have not yet happened. 
I am trying to give as much information as possible and this is the concrete truth and concept of this system.
